Author: Yaoyao
When we stepped into college, we all are taught not to cheat in the exam and not to plagiarize. Don't you even curious that what is plagiarism exactly and to what extent is it considered as plagiarism. From Random House Compact Unabridged Dictionary, plagiarism is the “Wrongful appropriation" and “stealing and publication" of another author's “language, thoughts, ideas, or expressions" and the representation of them as one's own original work.(Walpole, 1994) Why is it so important that almost every teacher will emphasize it before their beginning of their class? That is because this action is considered as a severe academic dishonesty. Teachers in university think very highly of this side of their students. If students plagiarize in their paperwork or cheat in the exam, teachers always tend to think him unreliable and trustless.
There are three types of actions which is regarded as plagiarism: stealing, misquoting and insufficient paraphrasing. For stealing, the author just turns someone's work as their own without paraphrasing or modifying. In misquoting case, the author does not give or gives incorrect citation about quoting. Insufficient paraphrasing refers to use another word but not change the structure of the sentences. Let's understand plagiarism deeply with the help of two cases.
A master's thesis from Hunan university has been accused of widespread copying a master's thesis from east China normal university. In Cao Lv' s master thesis, not only his thesis title is word for word as Wu Xiuqin' s, the overall structure of the two papers is not exactly the same, Wu' s paper is divided into five chapters, while Cao' s paper is divided into six chapters. There is one more chapter of "system test" in the paper of Cao' s, but most contents of the two papers are highly similar.(曹律, 2016; 武秀萍, 2013) This is a typical stealing. Cao just use Wu's words and thesis sections without changing, even using Wu's topic for the thesis. It was easy to find out his plagiarism action, and sooner Cao was reported for his bad behavior.
	In recent years, many WeChat public accounts have sprung up in public. People can not distinguish their released essays belonged to their own or from their carrying. For example, many public accounts just use videos from Youtube.com and do not tell the author before their quoting. So there are a lot copyright battles caused by that. This is a typical action of stealing. The owner of this kind of public accounts do not have sense of copyright and just do things which is good for them.
	In these two cases, we figure out the plagiarism is not just for academical but for normal life. We should learn to use the help of other author with citation and in right format. Under no circumstances should one copy another's work directly. Last but not least, learning how to use citation is a very important skill in college.